README.md, before:

Introduction:
The purpose of this project was to use all skills adapted through the semester to make a science museum website appealing to kids ages 7-15 and their families. It has been a fun and stressful experience.

Design:
My design choices are based on different aspects.
Colors: The target audience is primary and middle school children (ages 7-15) and families with young children. Therefore it felt natural to make a colorful website, as most children like color. At the same time, I tried to not overdo it with the colors, since kids from about the age of 12/13 to 15 may consider a lot of colors too childish for their liking. This resulted in my main colors for this project being orange and dark gray, to keep it colorful and at the same time "cool" enough for the older kids. I even changed the color of the logo to better fit my design and color palette. I went with orange because that was the most popular color among my students last year (7-year-olds). At the same time, the rest of the colors adds a playful and kid-friendly feeling to the site.
Fonts: I decided to use three different fonts for this project. I have mainly used Alata for headers and Barlow Semi Condensed for text, but I also added the Annie Use Your Telescope for the headers naming the museum - as you can see on the index and about page. They are the only places that font is used, to make the museum's name stand out from the rest of the text on the website.
Typography: I tried to avoid lines with only one word in them, and used line height and letter spacing where necessary. I also added some text shadow to the "Special Events" header, to make it appear more special and mystical.
Geometry: Since this website seeks to attract kids and people with kids, I tried to stay away from sharp and hard details. One simple way to do this is by avoiding sharp corners/border radiuses, which I have done in this project. This goes for both buttons, input fields, and backgrounds, but I kept most of my images with sharp corners to add contrast to the geometrical shapes. The main image on the about page shows the outside of the museum, and as you can see, the wall consists of blocks of different colors and a shape similar to most of my text boxes. I tried to recreate that rectangular shape but make it softer, to make a "red thread" through all the pages.

Technical:
For this project, I felt more in control of what I was doing, compared to the previous assignment. That doesn't mean I didn't get any help or inspiration from people around me. The hamburger menu is mostly copied code from this video:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flItyHiDm7E

and the calendar and time sloth section is based on Mats Fjeldstad's (FED2) work on this site: https://oslo-csm-sp1.netlify.app/exhibitions/dino.html

I also got some input from my classmates, mostly Sofie, Håkon, and Sander.

I added alt text to the images and unique titles to all my HTML sites.

I should also mention that the calendar and time sloth chooser are not clickable or functioning in any way due to lack of skill in how to build them properly. The same goes for the ticket choosers: you can't click on the plus or minus sign, but I added the counter just to get the feel of how it should work. For now I just wanted to show my ideas and what I hope to be able to do in the future. I hope to learn how to put both these ideas to life when I get to learn how to use javascript.

Content management:
I used some of the sample images provided to us for this semester project and added some in addition. Some of them are slightly worked on in photoshop, mostly for adding gradients. I also used photoshop for the change of colors in the logo.

Sources:
Images:
https://unsplash.com/photos/vqU47hNXGE0

https://unsplash.com/photos/s33zR6H33A4

https://unsplash.com/photos/zpUsOQzByFg

https://unsplash.com/photos/Ib3ocAKccyI

https://unsplash.com/photos/_N7I1JyPYJw

https://unsplash.com/photos/BNvk1zqEAjc

https://unsplash.com/photos/VMKBFR6r_jg

https://unsplash.com/photos/LKREcvZeoJQ

https://unsplash.com/photos/zwd435-ewb4

https://unsplash.com/photos/hIz2lvAo6Po

https://unsplash.com/photos/IMUwe-p1yqs

https://unsplash.com/photos/916UCiGF2As

https://unsplash.com/photos/hteXWSF9jA4

https://unsplash.com/photos/GI10ZiPO_3w

Fonts:
Google Fonts

Navigation menu:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flItyHiDm7E

The base for the date and time chooser/calendar:
Mats Fjeldstad,
https://oslo-csm-sp1.netlify.app/exhibitions/dino.html

Commit message:

Added Figma file and deployed site

README.md, after:

Link to Figma file:
https://www.figma.com/file/4cKZ9V9dymdKm0JrD23LUX/SP22_Julia?node-id=0%3A1&t=8btrNwhk8P0T2f4N-1

Link to deployed site:
https://cheerful-gecko-5e0185.netlify.app/

Introduction:
The purpose of this project was to use all skills adapted through the semester to make a science museum website appealing to kids ages 7-15 and their families. It has been a fun and stressful experience.

Design:
My design choices are based on different aspects.
Colors: The target audience is primary and middle school children (ages 7-15) and families with young children. Therefore it felt natural to make a colorful website, as most children like color. At the same time, I tried to not overdo it with the colors, since kids from about the age of 12/13 to 15 may consider a lot of colors too childish for their liking. This resulted in my main colors for this project being orange and dark gray, to keep it colorful and at the same time "cool" enough for the older kids. I even changed the color of the logo to better fit my design and color palette. I went with orange because that was the most popular color among my students last year (7-year-olds). At the same time, the rest of the colors adds a playful and kid-friendly feeling to the site.
Fonts: I decided to use three different fonts for this project. I have mainly used Alata for headers and Barlow Semi Condensed for text, but I also added the Annie Use Your Telescope for the headers naming the museum - as you can see on the index and about page. They are the only places that font is used, to make the museum's name stand out from the rest of the text on the website.
Typography: I tried to avoid lines with only one word in them, and used line height and letter spacing where necessary. I also added some text shadow to the "Special Events" header, to make it appear more special and mystical.
Geometry: Since this website seeks to attract kids and people with kids, I tried to stay away from sharp and hard details. One simple way to do this is by avoiding sharp corners/border radiuses, which I have done in this project. This goes for both buttons, input fields, and backgrounds, but I kept most of my images with sharp corners to add contrast to the geometrical shapes. The main image on the about page shows the outside of the museum, and as you can see, the wall consists of blocks of different colors and a shape similar to most of my text boxes. I tried to recreate that rectangular shape but make it softer, to make a "red thread" through all the pages.

Technical:
For this project, I felt more in control of what I was doing, compared to the previous assignment. That doesn't mean I didn't get any help or inspiration from people around me. The hamburger menu is mostly copied code from this video:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flItyHiDm7E

and the calendar and time sloth section is based on Mats Fjeldstad's (FED2) work on this site: https://oslo-csm-sp1.netlify.app/exhibitions/dino.html

I also got some input from my classmates, mostly Sofie, Håkon, and Sander.

I added alt text to the images and unique titles to all my HTML sites.

I should also mention that the calendar and time sloth chooser are not clickable or functioning in any way due to lack of skill in how to build them properly. The same goes for the ticket choosers: you can't click on the plus or minus sign, but I added the counter just to get the feel of how it should work. For now I just wanted to show my ideas and what I hope to be able to do in the future. I hope to learn how to put both these ideas to life when I get to learn how to use javascript.

Content management:
I used some of the sample images provided to us for this semester project and added some in addition. Some of them are slightly worked on in photoshop, mostly for adding gradients. I also used photoshop for the change of colors in the logo.

Sources:
Images:
https://unsplash.com/photos/vqU47hNXGE0

https://unsplash.com/photos/s33zR6H33A4

https://unsplash.com/photos/zpUsOQzByFg

https://unsplash.com/photos/Ib3ocAKccyI

https://unsplash.com/photos/_N7I1JyPYJw

https://unsplash.com/photos/BNvk1zqEAjc

https://unsplash.com/photos/VMKBFR6r_jg

https://unsplash.com/photos/LKREcvZeoJQ

https://unsplash.com/photos/zwd435-ewb4

https://unsplash.com/photos/hIz2lvAo6Po

https://unsplash.com/photos/IMUwe-p1yqs

https://unsplash.com/photos/916UCiGF2As

https://unsplash.com/photos/hteXWSF9jA4

https://unsplash.com/photos/GI10ZiPO_3w

Fonts:
Google Fonts

Navigation menu:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flItyHiDm7E

The base for the date and time chooser/calendar:
Mats Fjeldstad,
https://oslo-csm-sp1.netlify.app/exhibitions/dino.html
